Share
November 02, 2015
Release # 20151102-01
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
SOUTHWEST ASIA — On Nov. 1, coalition military forces continued to attack ISIL terrorists in Syria and Iraq. In Syria, coalition military forces conducted 10 strikes using fighter, attack, and remotely piloted aircraft. Separately in Iraq, coalition military forces conducted 17 strikes coordinated with and in support of the Government of Iraq using bomber, fighter, attack, ground-attack, and remotely piloted aircraft against ISIL targets.
The following is a summary of the strikes conducted against ISIL since the last press release:
Syria
*  Near Al Hawl, one strike destroyed an ISIL vehicle borne improvised explosive device (VBIED).
*  Near Al Hasakah, two strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed five ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL rocket, two ISIL vehicles, and wounded an ISIL fighter.
*  Near Ar Raqqah, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL vehicle and wounded three ISIL fighters.
*  Near Mar'a, six strikes struck five separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL fighting positions, an ISIL ammo cache, an ISIL staging area, and three ISIL buildings.
Iraq
*  Near Bayji, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
*  Near Habbaniyah, one strike destroyed an ISIL fighting position and an ISIL tactical vehicle.
*  Near Kisik, one strike struck an ISIL tactical unit and destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
*  Near Makhmur, one strike destroyed an ISIL fighting position.
*  Near Mosul, three strikes struck two separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed two ISIL heavy machine guns, three ISIL fighting positions, and suppressed an ISIL mortar position.
*  Near Ramadi, four strikes struck an ISIL tactical unit, and destroyed two ISIL tactical vehicles, an ISIL VBIED, two ISIL command and control nodes, four ISIL buildings, two ISIL fighting positions, and denied ISIL access to terrain.
*  Near Sinjar, five strikes struck three separate ISIL tactical units and destroyed three ISIL vehicles, an ISIL mortar system, an ISIL weapons cache, and two ISIL fighting positions.
*  Near Tal Afar, one strike destroyed an ISIL vehicle and an ISIL fighting position.
Strike assessments are based on initial reports. All aircraft returned to base safely.
The strikes were conducted as part of Operation Inherent Resolve, the operation to eliminate the ISIL terrorist group and the threat they pose to Iraq, Syria, and the wider international community.
The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the group's ability to project terror and conduct operations. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Iraq include Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Jordan, Netherlands, United Kingdom, and the United States. Coalition nations which have conducted strikes in Syria include Australia, Bahrain, Canada, France, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, and the U.S.
